Update SlackCIIntegration.md (#258)
Babylonpartners/ios-playbook: Cookbook/Technical-Documents/SlackCIIntegration.md

Tip: `/crp help` will respond with instructions for this command.

* #### `/stevenson`

> This command will run arbitrary workflow defined in out CI configuration. To see the list of supported formatats look for `parameters` section in the CircleCI config file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will run arbitrary workflow defined in our CI configuration. To see the list of supported formats look for `parameters` section in the CircleCI config file.
```

> When running workflow you should specify parameters that are required for this workflow, unless they have default values. If parameter is missing or extra parameters are sent the build will fail and you will get an error message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running a workflow you should specify parameters that are required for this workflow, unless they have default values. If a parameter is missing or extra parameters are sent the build will fail and you will get an error message.
```

```

> /stevenson test_pr branch:develop

Author: ```suggestion
/stevenson ui_tests branch:develop
```

```

> You can also invoke all other command using `/stevenson` command, i.e.:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also invoke all other commands using the `/stevenson` command, e.g.:
```
